General Idea: 
    Our MVP will be a smarter way to serve local iFixit ads.

Front End:
    Want to be able to display ads in their different formats (full screen and banner)
        and show all information that comes with served ad (Back ground image, header text, second text screen, button rendered link.)

Back end: 
    Decision Ideas:
        GeoLocation, platform, location on site, random selection, frequency of days
    Want to be able to schedule ads and rotate through a group (the whole point of switching)
    Cross platform, purchase, and geolocation 
    Possible integration into iFixit data in the future

Reported Analytics:
    How often it ran. How many times an ad converted to sales, 
    what ads we have shown to which user, the time of the ad
    Log record of display history as csv
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




Q: What are the expectations and why are you switching?

Would like to run parallel campaigns, that are intelligent, geo, 
past purchasing history, all advertising is for everyone, with low revenue. 
Specifically, if we can tell the device that a user is on, 
we want to be marketing an upsell for that specifically.

Q: What are the most important campaign questions
A: The most important is geolocation, we have lots of stores nationwide, languages, 
and we want to be able to integrate with our sales pipeline. 
If we can target an upsell to a device that would be ideal. 
Can also set workbench to what devices you have.
Platform based, IOS, Android, PC, iphone vs tablet

Q: How big are these adds?
A: One is a full screen width, the other is a smaller injectable unit

How are we going to integrate?
A: there should be small batches, multiple campaigns, rotation of ads, and API handling.
Don't worry too much about integration.

Q: What sort of analytics do we need?
Managment
A: Scheduling, when to start when to stop, configuring thenumber of times that an ad is shown
If we have two campaigns with 3 ads each, we want to be able to rotate these ads, 
the benefit of showing ads more than one time
Cross advertisement management: IOS, purchase, and Geo campaign, 
which one do you use. Need to have a rule set to figure out which one of these campaigns you use.
Link text, link target, color scheme, start and end dates of campaign, 
criteria for how campaign gets applied, location of the campaign 
— seems like these are all things that we need to keep track off

Reporting:
How often it ran. How many times an ad converted to sales, 
what ads we have shown to which user, the time of the ad

order of delivery:
more than 1 campaign
decision matrix for showing the right campaign
analytical data for how important campaign was

Q: What are the most important things that you need
A: Need to be able to show more than one campaign,
 a decision matrix on when to show what campaigns, and then analytical data of
  how effective that campaign was


Very close second are the business rules that surround those campaigns

Michael Moschitto  26 days ago
Comparative data analytics between users A/B, MVP could get away with major 
or minor campaign but both would be preferred.

Q: What are the most important features of the front end?
A: Not really sure…
Right now we just have a guide id and that returns a banner or ad

Are we just replacing that?
A: We are completely replacing that because there are no business rules right now, 
and only one campaign, ideally we would ask for an ad, and then calculate the 
best ad to show on the backend

Q: What is the advertising content? Do you want html description (info, color, header,  etc) 
or do you just want a picture? What is the actual ad content
A: Back ground image, header text, second text screen, button rendered link. 
The image will just be an image, there will be no need to change out the image.

Do you need multiple criteria for an MVP (as far as reporting goes)?
You will have click through, log record of display history. Say we were going to do 10,000,
 I would want to see clickthrough. Need a csv export of data.

 Q Is it ok do just do Monte Carlo selection
I would like there to be a selection that is selected by manager, randomization is ok for 
example choosing an ad from within campaign randomly is ok. Should be a little bit smarter than 
that, won’t select the same thing two times in a row. 
Say 30 of the last 50 were one of the three, we would want to balance it out.

The client side will send relevant information, a user reference.
User reference can’t be ip, email. It will be an alphanumeric of some sort.
Will our server need to access Ifixit data?
No that is not configured right now, but down the road this is a potential




